Start program : python csv_analyzer.python

Program: Please provide file name that should be analyzed:
	Here file name should be provided (it could be written with .csv ending or not - > it will be added).
	
Base of file analysis will be shown (including: information about data in the file, first 5 lines, statistics)
Meniu of selection what could be done next will be shown. 
Additional analysis options:
1: Show columns
2: Correlation
3: Show missing values in columns
4: Export results to csv
5: Visualization of products vs amount
6: End
Please select option:
	Here number of selection could be inputed. 
			When not existing selection will be written - > message will be shown : "Incorrect choice. Would you like to proceed? (Y/N):"
		By providing Y - > program will come back to meniu of additional analysis options. If N will be provided - > Program will be ended. 
			When existing number is provided: 
			"1" - Columns of the file will be printed. + Question : "Would you like to proceed? (Y/N):"
			"2" - Correlation of amount and price will be printed (numeric columns). + Question : "Would you like to proceed? (Y/N):"
			"3" - Columns of the file will be printed and number of missing values in them. + Question : "Would you like to proceed? (Y/N):"
			"4" - New selection will be provided:
				What data would you like to include into export?
				 1: main information of the file
				 2: statistics
				 3: missing values (of each column)
				 4: correlation
				 Please input numbers seperated by comma:
					User will have 3 attempts to imput incorect numbers (after that message "You have reached your attempt limit." + Question : "Would you like to proceed? (Y/N):") 
					When incorect input is provided - > message will be shown : "Incorrect choice: (5, 7 (incorect input)) - there is no such choice. Try again."
					When correct input provided: 
					Message "Please provide filename to export to:" will be shown. Here user can provide filename (with or without .csv - the same logic as for input file).
					Message "Exported results to export_file.csv" - file export_file.csv created in the same directory. (could be improved by providing different path). (In the file choosen information should be founded).
					+ Question : "Would you like to proceed? (Y/N):"
			"5" - Visualization of products vs amount will be shown. + Question : "Would you like to proceed? (Y/N):" (when visualization is closed).
			"6" - program will be ended. 
			
			
			
NOTES :
	Answer for question "Would you like to proceed? (Y/N):" - case insensitive. - if (different symbol than Y/y will be provided - > program will be ended (logical point - could be improved.)). 
	